Add install info to GIS applications (#1723)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/apps/geoconda.md

Please acknowledge CSC and Geoportti in your publications, it is important for project continuation and funding reports.
As an example, you can write "The authors wish to thank CSC - IT Center for Science, Finland (urn:nbn:fi:research-infras-2016072531) and the Open Geospatial Information Infrastructure for Research (Geoportti, urn:nbn:fi:research-infras-2016072513) for computational resources and support".

## Installation

> Geoconda was installed on Puhti using [Tykkys conda-containerize functionality](../computing/containers/tykky.md). The environment file is available in [CSCs geocomputing repository](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/csc-training/geocomputing/master/puhti_geoconda_environment.yml). Note that for reproducibility, you'll need to define the package versions in the environment file, which can be checked on Puhti using `list-packages` command after loading the `geoconda` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Geoconda was installed to Puhti and Mahti using [Tykkys conda-containerize functionality](../computing/containers/tykky.md). Geoconda conda environment files are available in [CSCs geocomputing repository](https://github.com/csc-training/geocomputing/tree/master/supercomputer_installations). Note that for reproducibility, you'll need to define the package versions in the environment file, which can be checked on Puhti and Mahti using `list-packages` command after loading the `geoconda` module.
```
